how youtubers Tasha I just wanted to
share with you some things that I bought
earlier today from the dollar store a
dollar tree I showed this many a little
while ago not that long and it's not
finished I'm kind of stuck on it and I
said I'm just going to let it play out
and maybe it'll tell me what it wants so
I can finish it the papers from this
mini came from this book right here this
collection from k and company I think it
looks like the last year's edition or
something because I got the song from
walmart for one dollar for the whole
attack but what I want showed you was
when I got from the dollar tree and I
hope this helps that me finishing the
mini and these are some spiders and
everything's about these are some really
large spiders and no clue what when
where and how but I got them just in
case I got these hands the skeleton
hands 10-4 dollar I had the bag of this
creature so there's some black skeleton
skeleton in there some spiders like
centipede tube of things like that
folder in here I also that
this lets go in the dark creatures okay
new house skeleton this whale on bugs
spiders the biggest go ahead bat I think
that's a lot and the last thing is the
skeleton Garlin and these are on this
thread or I don't know what to call it
but they're on this and of course I can
come on and these are for skeletons this
for Odin or of them this pack for dollar
so hopefully with this stuff i get if i
don't finish it maybe I can almost
finish it I still have to leave a tag
all the pockets and things of that
nature so I'm thinking hopefully has
been Nexus will leave give me the
inspiration I can get this mini finished
thanks guys have a good night bye bye